and he the idea is that the André and the 20 and
today I'm usually here in online gta
as you can see in the title I will teach
You pick up the car in gold.
no color hides or anything just one
combination you make colors within
of lotion speech then if you liked
to click like and sign in
my channel to measure up to 5 and I
I created a cross to play with you in the
gta online will be here at the registration
go there just before it's great though
this one coming here in our discussion you
comes here in color logical painting
and comes here in the metallic aquino
medal you will find the color
bronze to gold has to this is the gold
game of course is that this is the game gold
You can see that it is very weak and
it seems like now it looks more like a yellow
burned
I do not know then you will select here the
bronze is also not very similar to the
gold but it comes much closer than the
the so-called gold deal even selects
that the bronze right here on the turkey side and
do you think turkey hand the color yellow?
There's a lot on the pergola here.
here is the yellow one has the largest
happened here is a bit stronger
but I think the yellow comes a lot more
next you can test with other
colors here I tested it was this one that is
which comes closest to the color of gold
the golden color and that's it now you have
a gold-plated car is to humiliate your
friends saying that you the tempter gta
online
so this is the very short video for the girl
is there for you your business since
who fell in love signing up for the channel
for more than tite it 's 5
leave in the comments what you found
Do you have any tips for this thing?
something else something
leave in the comments that I read all
Do not forget to get on my cross there.
in the video description
remembering that only in xbox live goes there
before it lot of the game always which
the day the raw people then go in there
to play at the beginning I decided my
twitter and other social networks are
here in the video description and we see
on next video then show